the prison crisis is aggravated
colombia overcrowding the bad
food and lousy service
health received by inmates of the
different detention centers is the
main cause of this situation
our correspondent in this milton country
henao offers us a report
for emerald to have stayed for
almost three years in a prison still being
innocent who changed life also the
concept of the people who get there
human beings who made a mistake
who try to rebuild their lives but who
torture centers which have
converted the Colombian jails not
they are allowed situation that emerald
narrates and left embodied in his book echo of
the prison nor torture me when I
they put to live in inhuman conditions to
they torture me when they deny me the
access to have a doctor torture me
when they are banishing me with me they are
moving away in my family
Colombian prisons have a
capacity for 75,000 inmates without
But at the moment there are 115 thousand
overcrowding that has generated
innumerable murders and suicides of
inmates
around the crisis is so serious that
the guardians of the institute
the country's penitentiary is also
added to the protest of the inmates the
lack of sanitation lack of resources
by the state to maintain the
Inmate staff has generated us a
serious problem
in the internal order of
detention facilities
the drama of inmates style their
Temarian families endure their absence
they must witness the conditions
subhuman in which their beings live
loved ones in prisons the state
Colombian and the intec has not been given
realize that having a prisoner does not
means to mistreat him to abuse them
as at this moment is happening in
all the jails of colombia from
five days ago internal day 19 jails
of the country they carry out this protest
meanwhile at the congress of the
Republic is expected to hold a debate
to study the rape situation
of the human rights from which it comes
being subject the inmates of the country I
train telesur
Bogota Colombia we take to the north